[RSDK-9965] discover resources using extra (#95)
viam-modules/viamrtsp: README.md

* `viam:viamrtsp:onvif` - discovers cameras using the [onvif interface](https://www.onvif.org/).

Navigate to the [**CONFIGURE** tab](https://docs.viam.com/build/configure/) of your [machine](https://docs.viam.com/fleet/machines/) in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/).
[Add the camera component to your machine](https://docs.viam.com/build/configure/#components), searching for `viamrtsp` and selecting your desired model.

## Configure your `viamrtsp` camera

> 
> Copy and paste the following attributes template into the resulting component's attribute panel:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Copy and paste the following attributes template into the JSON configuration:

```

    {
      "user": "<USERNAME2>",
      "pass": "<PASSWORD2>"

>     },

Reviewer: While we're here - let's move this to the top and run viam module update.

Author: sure, ill get the other fixes for this doc too then
